---
permalink: /resume
title: My Resume
description: If you are looking for my formal resume, the main one I apply for jobs with, here it is 
layout: resume
---
# Work Experience
### Coastal Dynamics - Data Analyst Intern
*June 2020 – July 2020: Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago*
- Coastal Dynamics is an environmental consulting firm that conducts Environmental Impact Assessments for projects in Trinidad and Tobago, mainly related to the oil and gas sector. They generate ocean current forecast via hydrodynamic modeling.
- I was responsible for creating the APIs necessary for querying unstructured GIS and timeseries data generated by DHI’s hydrodynamic models. Technologies used in creating these APIs include SMTP servers, DHI MIKE Software Development Kit and python API frameworks (Django/Flask).
- Used the custom APIs to build Django data dashboards that displayed real-time and forecasted ocean current, wave height and wind data for BHP offshore oil platforms.

### Coastal Dynamics - Field Technician
*August 2018: Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago*
- Conducted an underwater survey of macro-organisms along coral reefs as part of an EIA for a Trinidad National Petroleum development project.
- Performed data collection about the impact of a natural gas development project on mangrove ecosystems.
- Analyzed and recorded sediment grain size via laser diffraction in a Mastersizer for benthic analysis.

### Operation Wallacea - Research Assistant
*June 2018 – July 2018: Pantai Nirwana, Indonesia*
- Participated in underwater surveys that collected benthic & aquatic organism census data used for reef quality surveys from the Hoga Island Marine Station.
- Set up, deployed and reviewed data collected from Baited Remote Underwater Video systems that record and monitor Elasmobranches as part of the Global Finprint survey initiative that contributed to a peer reviewed article. 

# Education
## University of Waterloo - Honors Environment and Business
*September 2017 - May 2022: Waterloo Ontario*
- **Major GPA 4.0**
- **Capstone Project (ENBUS 402)**: My research project that evaluates the viability of reducing emissions in the Canadian aviation industry via performance standards that encourage the optimization of route and fleet selection.  
- ***Intro to Research Design (ENBUS 306)**: Examines different research strategies and designs; define research questions; address ethical issues of involving human subjects in business research; identify primary and secondary data sources; and assess the effectiveness of various ways of communicating research results.

# Skills
Python, Python Web Frameworks, REST APIs, JavaScript, Node.js, Docker, Digital Ocean; Data analysis, data visualization, academic research, technical writing
# Interests
Scuba diving; sustainability; politics; North Korean foreign policy; economics; nuclear power; rocketry; drone hobbyist (quadcopters, FPV flying).
